The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah. The reason why I brought that up is cuz Camaro's definitely talking about,
he just wants a big money fights now. Yeah.
So I get that. Well, he's probably like a year away from a knee replacement.
Yeah. I mean, if you watched him walking down the stairs like that,
I know Michael Bisping had both his knees replaced once he retired.
Yeah. I mean, same and his, I, well, his eyes not replaced,
but it's fake.
Yeah. He has a, well, he has like a contact that he puts in that makes it look.
Yeah, looks good. Yeah. But I've seen him pop him, pop it out. I have too. It's.
Carly.
Smartly. I mean, yeah. So I mean,
my point was if cam starts,
I was wondering if he's thinking about like the money. So you, you,
you know that what's a saying is the Wolf climbing,
the hill is always hungry in the Wolf on top of the hill. Mm.
Something like that. So, I mean, you know, Colby's still trying to get up there.
Camaro's been up there. Do you lose that hunger a little bit?
I don't think so. I don't think so. Not with that guy. Yeah.
I think at the championship level,
like the true champions and I think tomorrow is like a champion of champions.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I think, I think he's in this all time. Great category.
Like, like let's imagine this fight is not taking place right now and you're not
comparing him with Colby.
You just look at what he's done so far and his skill level.
I think you got a real argument that he is right now,
the best pound for pound fighter in the sport.
If you look at what his accomplishments are,
one loss ever in his entire mixed martial arts career has run through everyone
in his division.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> including winning the title over a dominant Tyron Woodley,
five round route just destroyed him. His B,
he beat him pillar to post every round mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And then you look at his fights with, um,
masal you look at his fights with Colby.
You look at his fight with Gilbert burns. Gilbert burns is a dangerous man.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and he put him away and Gilbert heard him.
He heard him in the first round Camaro recovered and smashed him,
knocked out masal with one punch. And then in the second fight, mm-hmm,
<affirmative>, he's a real argument that he's the best guy in the sport. Yeah.
But if you wanted to see him challenged,
you would want a guy who's got killer wrestling. That's Colby, amazing gas tank.
That's Colby unstoppable mentality. That's Colby,
mm-hmm <affirmative> and a guy who's been in there with him and knows what
adjustments to make. Right. You know, I think,
you know, when masal took that first fight,
he took the first fight on short notice. Yeah.
Six days he had some good moments in the fight mm-hmm <affirmative> but
ultimately he fell prey to Oman's conditioning and, and,
and Usman had said the reason why he was willing to fight me then was cuz he had
a built an excuse. Yeah. I saw that. Which is interesting.
Cause that would've with a man's head. Yeah.
You call him a journeyman and you know, that with a guy's head.
Like the difference in the accomplishments of the two are very different.
Like masal obviously has that giant Ben ASIN knockout,
and you beat up Nate Diaz in that fight and S a bad and
a very clever fighter.
He's one of my favorite guys to watch fight mm-hmm <affirmative> cause he's so
intelligent, but Usman just demolished him in that second fight. Yeah.
Demolished him. Yeah.
That's what separates like very good fighters from all time greats.
And he had a full camp that time MOS all did.
Didn't help. No, he actually helped him less. Like he was better,
but I think Oman's better than he was before. I think he's,
he continues to get better. And he's training with Trevor Whitman. Like he,
he moved camps, you know,
he used to be down in south Florida and then he made his way. Yeah,
he was, it was originally the black zillions and it was Stanford's.
But he's now with Trevor Whitman, who's a, like a real striking genius.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> you know, Trevor Whitman is a brilliant guy. Yeah.
I always, I I've always loved what he's done. I mean,
cuz with Gache and with rose it's like, man.
He's got three fighters in the main card. That's that's pretty crazy.
That shows you how good Trevor Hitman is. Yeah.
He also makes the best gloves in the business. Yeah. His gloves are fantastic.
Yeah. You've.
Been lobbying for those. Oh my God. They're.
Well, not just his glove, his boxing gloves. I, I use his gloves to hit the bag.
He makes the best shin pads. He makes the best equipment.
Like it's crazy that you gotta coach who is also designing
equipment. And he was explaining to me that the foam that they use,
the foam that most people use is not the best foam.
It's like the best cost effective foam.
So he uses like the best top of the food chain space,
age technology foam. And like,
you really feel the difference when you like hit things with his gloves.
Like it's better protection for your hands.
No. Yeah. I know. I've I've seen, I've watched some stuff on him and uh,
I'm a fan. He's a.
Wizard. I'm a fan. He's a fun guy too. And they have a good,
he has a good relationship, a good rapport with his, uh, his students, you know,
which is so important. Cuz he's a, he's a good guy to get with, you know,
he's a fun guy. And so like watching him,
coach these people and seeing like three top flight fighters on the's incredible
card.
It's incredible. I'm I'm pretty intrigued too.
With the coaching changes for Usman and Colby. They both changed camps.
Yeah.
So what happened with Kobe? You're friends with Kobe mm-hmm <affirmative> he?
What was, uh, what led him to switch camps? Cause he was with ATT forever.
It.
Seemed like, I mean, I don't know.
It seemed like there was a bunch of drama down there, you know,
cuz I think ER's down there and, and uh, I don't know.
It seemed like he's he said that or for what I'm seeing on interviews, um,
you know, there's drama going into train and,
and he just wanted to get away from that. Didn't wanna deal with it. Yeah.
And it it's a, that's a big organization down there basically.
It's a lot of fighters. And so then he switched to this,
I think it's MMA masters and mm-hmm <affirmative> you know, small gym.
They give him the full attention. So yeah.
I don't know. Well he brings the drama. He shouldn't be shocked. <laugh> I mean,
who the causes more drama than Colby? I know. Yeah. Still though. Good stuff.
That's how he's so popular. It's it's both things, right? Yeah. Which is rare.
Like he has incredible skill level.
He's as tough as they come and he talks a lot of. Yeah.
Yeah. That's.
Good. And most people don't know that he got forced into talking.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like the UFC was about to cut him.
They didn't like his style. They told him. Yeah.
And so then he fought Damia may in Brazil and then called him a bunch of filthy
animals and you know, and said a bunch of crazy. Places is a dump. Yeah.
They went crazy.
They took exception to that. He.
Went pro wrestling heal. Yeah. And it changed his, it worked,
it changed trajectory of his career. What people don't know about Colby,
what you know about Colby's when you're with him in person. Super nice.
Guy. Oh, he's actually soft spoken. He's a great guy.
He's he's had dinner at the house. We had elk and uh, just polite,
soft spoken. Yeah.
My wife and daughter everybody's there just being as nice as can be.
He's a gentleman. That's.
That's who he is. That's the real guy. Yeah, for sure.
This other thing is like a character that he does, which is so fascinating.
It works. I mean I watched to interview him in DC.
Just did just a couple days ago. And uh, and I mean,
DC gave him every opportunity. He's like, do you ever get tired?
Do you ever sit at home and say, I, you know, could,
could give it a rest and just be, and he's just like, no, <laugh>, he's like,
I'm always, he's something like he's always on. Then he is like, you know,
DC said, do you respect Zeman? You know, I'm like as a fighter, he's like,
no <laugh> so he wouldn't even, I mean,
he's sticking to the script.
Yeah. Well he's got that pro wrestling heel character down.
And if he ever decides to leave the UFC and go to pro wrestling,
he would have a giant career in pro wrestling. Yeah. If he wanted to probably,
oh my God. If he, if he decided, if he fi you know, let's say,
you know, whatever, been with his career, but like five years from now,
mm-hmm <affirmative> if he decides to go to pro wrestling, my God.
Well that guy, I have a career over there. Yeah. He's talked so much. Oh, I.
Know. It's good. I can't wait.
Yeah. It's gonna be an amazing fight. Watch the entire episode for free.
Only on Spotify.